d:\users\thomas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Maisha-Launcher\Maisha-Launcher\bin\Debug\Maisha-Launcher.exe.config
d:\users\thomas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Maisha-Launcher\Maisha-Launcher\bin\Debug\Maisha-Launcher.exe
d:\users\thomas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Maisha-Launcher\Maisha-Launcher\bin\Debug\Maisha-Launcher.pdb
d:\users\thomas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Maisha-Launcher\Maisha-Launcher\obj\Debug\Maisha_Launcher.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\users\thomas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Maisha-Launcher\Maisha-Launcher\obj\Debug\Maisha-Launcher.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
d:\users\thomas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Maisha-Launcher\Maisha-Launcher\obj\Debug\Maisha-Launcher.exe
d:\users\thomas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Maisha-Launcher\Maisha-Launcher\obj\Debug\Maisha-Launcher.pdb
d:\Users\Thomas\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Maisha-Launcher\Maisha-Launcher\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.dll
d:\Users\Thomas\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Maisha-Launcher\Maisha-Launcher\bin\Debug\theme.dll
d:\Users\Thomas\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Maisha-Launcher\Maisha-Launcher\obj\Debug\Maisha_Launcher.Login.resources
d:\Users\Thomas\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Maisha-Launcher\Maisha-Launcher\obj\Debug\Maisha_Launcher.Launcher.resources
d:\Users\Thomas\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Maisha-Launcher\Maisha-Launcher\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
d:\Users\Thomas\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Maisha-Launcher\Maisha-Launcher\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.Entity.dll
d:\Users\Thomas\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Maisha-Launcher\Maisha-Launcher\bin\Debug\MySql.Web.dll
d:\Users\Thomas\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Maisha-Launcher\Maisha-Launcher\bin\Debug\RestSharp.dll
d:\Users\Thomas\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Maisha-Launcher\Maisha-Launcher\bin\Debug\RestSharp.xml
d:\Users\Thomas\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Maisha-Launcher\Maisha-Launcher\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
d:\Users\Thomas\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Maisha-Launcher\Maisha-Launcher\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
d:\Users\Thomas\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Maisha-Launcher\Maisha-Launcher\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.xml
d:\Users\Thomas\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Maisha-Launcher\Maisha-Launcher\bin\Debug\MySql.Web.xml
d:\Users\Thomas\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Maisha-Launcher\Maisha-Launcher\obj\Debug\Maisha-Launcher.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
